tree added.
Capulet orchard added.
Capulet mansion added.
Balcony of Casa di Giulietta added.
Romeo and Juliet's tomb added.
Juliet Capulet lips are sealed.
William Shakespeare is a gossiper.
Mercutio can only remember up to 4 gossips.
Romeo Montague lips are sealed.
Juliet Capulet knows nothing!
Romeo Montague knows nothing!
William Milkshakespeare does not exist!
Romeo Montague is now at Balcony of Casa di Giulietta.
Juliet Capulet is now at Balcony of Casa di Giulietta.
Juliet Capulet at Balcony of Casa di Giulietta knows 0 gossips.
William Shakespeare at home knows 0 gossips.
Mercutio at home knows 0 gossips.
Romeo Montague at Balcony of Casa di Giulietta knows 0 gossips.
Have you heard about Romeo Montague, Juliet Capulet? Romeo and Juliet, sitting on a tree, K I S S I N G! :-)
Juliet Capulet at Balcony of Casa di Giulietta knows 0 gossips.
William Shakespeare at home knows 0 gossips.
Mercutio at home knows 0 gossips.
Romeo Montague at Balcony of Casa di Giulietta knows 1 gossips.
Have you heard about Juliet Capulet, Romeo Montague? Juliet and Romeo, r in luv!
Have you heard about Romeo Montague? thus with a kiss I die
Invalid number -1 of gossip targets!
Romeu Montargil does not exist!
Romeu Montague does not exist!
Julieta Capilet does not exist!
Have you heard about Romeo Montague, Juliet Capulet? These violent delights have violent ends And in their triumph die, like fire and powder, Which, as they kiss, consume.
Have you heard about Juliet Capulet, Romeo Montague? These violent delights have violent ends And in their triumph die, like fire and powder, Which, as they kiss, consume.
Have you heard about Romeo Montague, Juliet Capulet? In the name of love! What is love? A madness most discreet, A choking gall and a preserving sweet.
Have you heard about Juliet Capulet? Oh Juliet, I love you!
Have you heard about Juliet Capulet? My love, Romeo!
Juliet Capulet at Balcony of Casa di Giulietta knows 2 gossips.
William Shakespeare at home knows 0 gossips.
Mercutio at home knows 0 gossips.
Romeo Montague at Balcony of Casa di Giulietta knows 6 gossips.
Juliet Capulet knows things:
These violent delights have violent ends And in their triumph die, like fire and powder, Which, as they kiss, consume.
My love, Romeo!
Romeo Montague knows things:
Romeo and Juliet, sitting on a tree, K I S S I N G! :-)
Juliet and Romeo, r in luv!
thus with a kiss I die
These violent delights have violent ends And in their triumph die, like fire and powder, Which, as they kiss, consume.
In the name of love! What is love? A madness most discreet, A choking gall and a preserving sweet.
Oh Juliet, I love you!
Bye!
