tree added.
Mercutio can only remember up to 4 gossips.
Friar Lawrence can only remember up to 1 gossips.
Balcony of Casa di Giulietta added.
Capulet orchard added.
Romeo and Juliet's tomb added.
Capulet mansion added.
Romeo Montague lips are sealed.
Juliet Capulet lips are sealed.
William Shakespeare is a gossiper.
Romeo Montague is now at tree.
Juliet Capulet is now at tree.
Mercutio at home knows 0 gossips.
Friar Lawrence at home knows 0 gossips.
Romeo Montague at tree knows 0 gossips.
Juliet Capulet at tree knows 0 gossips.
William Shakespeare at home knows 0 gossips.
Have you heard about Romeo Montague, Juliet Capulet? Romeo and Juliet, sitting on a tree, K I S S I N G! :-)
Mercutio at home knows 1 gossips.
Friar Lawrence at home knows 0 gossips.
Romeo Montague at tree knows 0 gossips.
Juliet Capulet at tree knows 0 gossips.
William Shakespeare at home knows 0 gossips.
Have you heard about Juliet Capulet, Romeo Montague? Juliet and Romeo, r in luv!
Invalid number 0 of gossip targets!
Invalid number -1 of gossip targets!
Romeu Montargil does not exist!
Romeu Montague does not exist!
Julieta Capilet does not exist!
Have you heard about Romeo Montague, Juliet Capulet? These violent delights have violent ends And in their triumph die, like fire and powder, Which, as they kiss, consume.
Duplicate gossip!
Have you heard about Juliet Capulet? Juliet is not really dead, she is just sleeping.
Have you heard about William Shakespeare? Rumor has it that William Shakespeare is a gossiper.
Have you heard about Romeo Montague, Juliet Capulet? In the name of love! What is love? A madness most discreet, A choking gall and a preserving sweet.
Have you heard about Juliet Capulet? Oh Juliet, I love you!
Have you heard about Juliet Capulet, Romeo Montague? My love, Romeo!
Mercutio at home knows 4 gossips.
Friar Lawrence at home knows 1 gossips.
Romeo Montague at tree knows 0 gossips.
Juliet Capulet at tree knows 0 gossips.
William Shakespeare at home knows 0 gossips.
Here is what we know about Romeo Montague:
1 These violent delights have violent ends And in their triumph die, like fire and powder, Which, as they kiss, consume.
1 In the name of love! What is love? A madness most discreet, A choking gall and a preserving sweet.
1 My love, Romeo!
Here is what we know about Juliet Capulet:
1 These violent delights have violent ends And in their triumph die, like fire and powder, Which, as they kiss, consume.
1 In the name of love! What is love? A madness most discreet, A choking gall and a preserving sweet.
1 Oh Juliet, I love you!
1 My love, Romeo!
Mercutio lives a very boring life!
Friar Lawrence lives a very boring life!
Here is what we know about William Shakespeare:
1 Rumor has it that William Shakespeare is a gossiper.
Bye!
